dataset/README.md, before:

## Description

This script creates the dataset for our experiments, using Blender.
The script renders 64x64 images from the [Amazon Lumberyard Bistro Scene](https://developer.nvidia.com/orca/amazon-lumberyard-bistro)'s exterior 
for various camera positions and angles. Specifically, the script loads the `BistroExterior.fbx` file and renders several images at various sampling rates.
Refer to the script for the exact configurations and other specifications. 
The generated images are stored in the provided output folder and grouped by the number of samples per pixel.

The data has been generated and can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/13zf6nw3t_bk1mYhGTgfbS2rGK1Y2Et8f/view?usp=sharing).

## Usage
```
Blender -b -P render.py -- [-h] [-f FBX_SCENE_PATH] [-o OUTPUT_FOLDER] [-s START] [-e END] [-g]

Script to render images for the Amazon Lumberyard Bistro script

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -f FBX_SCENE_PATH, --fbx_scene_path FBX_SCENE_PATH
                        Path to the BistroExterior.fbx file
  -o OUTPUT_FOLDER, --output_folder OUTPUT_FOLDER
                        Folder where the rendering output is saved
  -s START, --start START
                        The first index (inclusive) of images to be rendered (as per the script's own rendering order)
  -e END, --end END     The last index (inclusive) of images to be rendered (as per the script's own rendering order)
  -g, --gpu             Use GPU (Nvidia/CUDA only)
```

Commit message:

Update render.py and splitting script

dataset/README.md, after:

## Description

This folder contains a dataset of rendered 64x64 images from the [Amazon Lumberyard Bistro Scene](https://developer.nvidia.com/orca/amazon-lumberyard-bistro)'s exterior 
for various camera positions and angles. Specifically, the `BistroExterior.fbx` scene is rendered at various sampling rates. The images rendered at `sample rate = 1` are considered noisy, while the high-quality versions are rendered using `sample rate = 512`.
Refer to the script for the exact configurations and other specifications. 
The generated images are stored and grouped by the number of samples per pixel in the respective folders (`samples_1` and `samples_512`). 
Other useful information such as the z depth,the absolute normal, the diffuse color, the glossy color and the view-space transformation matrix for the camera is also collected for each configuration.

The data has been generated and can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/185EjQrve5o6ZpfUDyv-Et5ZUEaEKsE7X/view).

There are two scripts also present in this folder.

1. `render.py`: The script used to generate the dataset. The script requires Blender to be installed and configured appropriately.

## Usage
```
Blender -b -P render.py -- [-h] [-f FBX_SCENE_PATH] [-o OUTPUT_FOLDER] [-s START] [-e END] [-g]

Script to render images for the Amazon Lumberyard Bistro script

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -f FBX_SCENE_PATH, --fbx_scene_path FBX_SCENE_PATH
                        Path to the BistroExterior.fbx file
  -o OUTPUT_FOLDER, --output_folder OUTPUT_FOLDER
                        Folder where the rendering output is saved
  -s START, --start START
                        The first index (inclusive) of images to be rendered (as per the script's own rendering order)
  -e END, --end END     The last index (inclusive) of images to be rendered (as per the script's own rendering order)
  -g, --gpu             Use GPU (Nvidia/CUDA only)
```

2. `gen_split.py`: A script which generates 3 text files containing the names of images corresponding to a training,
validation and test split. The data is chosen such that each set has unique points from all sections of the scene.

## Usage
```
python gen_split.py
```
